README.md, before:

# Coactive Culture
**Mission:** To help humans and machines work together

## Philosophy
We strive to be the best role model for company culture. However, we are not alone in this pursuit, nor do we pretend to be. We have learned from the strengths and weaknesses of other great companies to push the frontier because good isn't good enough. Our culture draws inspiration from all of the top companies in the world while adding fresh perspective and thoughtful review, making it uniquely Coactive.

Each and every one of us is what makes Coactive so special. Our adherence to our guiding principles is what ultimately defines our culture and our identity.


## Guiding principles
The **8** guiding principles below define the basis for our culture. They serve as a policy to help us cope with and overcome the obstacles we will face together. Like the guardrails on a highway, they direct our actions and keep us on track.

#### 1. View our culture as our first and most important product.
Culture is who we are, how we act, and what we say. It is our most crucial priority and our greatest strength, and we treat it as such, continuously building and deploying the best version of it.

### Who we are
#### 2. One team.
It's a relay race, not a 100m sprint. We each own our part and give it our all, but we only win by working together as one team. We are all supporting roles.

#### 3. Not bystanders.
We do not shy away from responsibility and accountability. We take ownership to ensure nothing falls through the cracks, and we are not afraid to pitch in and share the load.

#### 4. Humble and grateful.
In victories and in defeat, we never lose sight of the bigger picture. We put aside our egos, always showing gratitude for what we have and towards one another.

### How we act
#### 5. Boldly and deliberately.
Failure does not scare us, but we also do our best to mitigate the impact on our customers and partners. We take calculated steps before fiercely springing into action but once we do, we relentlessly pursue our goal.

#### 6. Pragmatically and empathetically.
When working with customers, partners, and each other, we always strive to find the optimal solution but never forget that we show respect, thoughtfulness, and empathy to all.

### What we say
#### 7. The hard conversations upfront.
We value feedback and encourage difficult conversations. Through clear, thoughtful, and constructive dialogue, we can learn from each other and build together.

#### 8. Our opinions with the evidence to back it up.
Opinions are valued. We want everyone to have them and encourage active, thoughtful dialogue around each viewpoint regardless of where it comes from (yes, including from the CEO). We also present the reasoning behind our outlooks, inviting feedback and explaining when and why our advice is applicable.


## Our culture in action
Actions speak louder than words, so we reinforce our guiding values everyday. It influences how we hire, think, and interact. Below are a few concrete examples of how we practice what we preach.

### During the interview
*Under construction. You can help by suggesting coherent actions that follow our guiding principles.*

### During onboarding
*Under construction. You can help by suggesting coherent actions that follow our guiding principles.*

### During the day-to-day
We always aim to make our words in day-to-day interactions inclusive and empathetic. We encourage addressing a group as "Hi folks!" or "Hi everyone!" or "Hi y'all!".
*Under construction. You can help by suggesting coherent actions that follow our guiding principles.*

Commit message:

Update README.md (During the interview section)
Added details of my initial experience interviewing with Coactive that align with the company's values

README.md, after:

# Coactive Culture
**Mission:** To help humans and machines work together

## Philosophy
We strive to be the best role model for company culture. However, we are not alone in this pursuit, nor do we pretend to be. We have learned from the strengths and weaknesses of other great companies to push the frontier because good isn't good enough. Our culture draws inspiration from all of the top companies in the world while adding fresh perspective and thoughtful review, making it uniquely Coactive.

Each and every one of us is what makes Coactive so special. Our adherence to our guiding principles is what ultimately defines our culture and our identity.


## Guiding principles
The **8** guiding principles below define the basis for our culture. They serve as a policy to help us cope with and overcome the obstacles we will face together. Like the guardrails on a highway, they direct our actions and keep us on track.

#### 1. View our culture as our first and most important product.
Culture is who we are, how we act, and what we say. It is our most crucial priority and our greatest strength, and we treat it as such, continuously building and deploying the best version of it.

### Who we are
#### 2. One team.
It's a relay race, not a 100m sprint. We each own our part and give it our all, but we only win by working together as one team. We are all supporting roles.

#### 3. Not bystanders.
We do not shy away from responsibility and accountability. We take ownership to ensure nothing falls through the cracks, and we are not afraid to pitch in and share the load.

#### 4. Humble and grateful.
In victories and in defeat, we never lose sight of the bigger picture. We put aside our egos, always showing gratitude for what we have and towards one another.

### How we act
#### 5. Boldly and deliberately.
Failure does not scare us, but we also do our best to mitigate the impact on our customers and partners. We take calculated steps before fiercely springing into action but once we do, we relentlessly pursue our goal.

#### 6. Pragmatically and empathetically.
When working with customers, partners, and each other, we always strive to find the optimal solution but never forget that we show respect, thoughtfulness, and empathy to all.

### What we say
#### 7. The hard conversations upfront.
We value feedback and encourage difficult conversations. Through clear, thoughtful, and constructive dialogue, we can learn from each other and build together.

#### 8. Our opinions with the evidence to back it up.
Opinions are valued. We want everyone to have them and encourage active, thoughtful dialogue around each viewpoint regardless of where it comes from (yes, including from the CEO). We also present the reasoning behind our outlooks, inviting feedback and explaining when and why our advice is applicable.


## Our culture in action
Actions speak louder than words, so we reinforce our guiding values everyday. It influences how we hire, think, and interact. Below are a few concrete examples of how we practice what we preach.

### During the interview
We initially ask all of our candidates for their preferred pronouns and allow them to easily record and attach the pronunciation of their names, embracing our values of respect and inclusion.
*Under construction. You can help by suggesting coherent actions that follow our guiding principles.*

### During onboarding
*Under construction. You can help by suggesting coherent actions that follow our guiding principles.*

### During the day-to-day
We always aim to make our words in day-to-day interactions inclusive and empathetic. We encourage addressing a group as "Hi folks!" or "Hi everyone!" or "Hi y'all!".
*Under construction. You can help by suggesting coherent actions that follow our guiding principles.*
